The following employees of BROWN and ROOT, Inc. were approved for contact use on the dates indicated. There is no OS subject file on the BROWN Foundation but a reference file contains a memorandum dated 30 January 1967 to the Deputy Director, Plans. The memorandum concludes that the BR Brown Foundation of Houston, Texas was one of the most vulnerable to exposure.

The VERNON Fund (HEEMUDWEED) was created by the Agency in June 1958 as an ostensibly private philanthropic foundation legally incorporated under the laws of and with an office in the District of Columbia. It is used as a cover and funding mechanism for Project DILAMPREY.

William G. CARR was granted a Covert Security Clearance on 22 April 1955 for unwitting use under Project DIPILLAR. Bryce REA, Jr., attorney for the Vernon Fund, received another covert security clearance on 19 September 1958 to permit his use in the procurement of domestic safehouses.

Raymond Joseph EMIKE was granted a Covert Security Approval on 10 July 1957 for use as a witting employee of Project HIFILACER. John THOMPSON is administrative officer of the World Confederation of Organizations of the Teaching Profession. OS Indices were negative on the CABOT Foundation.

A study program to determine the effects in diverse Biological Systems resulting from exposure to high intensity coherent radiation was contracted with the M. D. ANDERSON Hospital and Tumor Institute, University of Texas, Houston, Texas in October 1963. As of 16 April 1964 there was a hold order against going ahead with the contract because of a question as to why the Agency should bear the whole cost of the contract which was to be for inter-departmental use.

Allan SHIVERS, Governor of Texas, was a signer of a statement appearing in the NEW YORK TIMES for 20 October 1949 sponsored by the Iron Curtain Refugee Campaign of the International Rescue Committee. He was listed as a trustee of the American Good Government Society in April 1965.

William A. SMITH was granted an Operational Clearance on 22 August 1952 for use as an agent in Latin American under commercial cover. Leon JAWORSKI was granted a Covert Security Approval on 31 March 1958 in order that he could be made witting of Agency interest in the M. D. ANDERSON Foundation.

Ernest Dashiell COCKRELL, Jr. was approved for contact use (CAUTION) on 10 June 1953 and was granted a Covert Security Clearance on 4 August 1953 for use in the U.S. under Project QEENCHANT. At the time he was President of two oil companies in Houston, Texas: Oil Production Maintenance, Inc. and Production Maintenance Company. Douglas B. MARSHALL was Vice President of the Quintana Petroleum Corporation which is the holding company owned by the Rush Hoy CULLEN family.

William Pettus HOBBY, Jr., born 19 January 1932 at Houston, Texas, was security approved for contact use on 23 May 1960. On 29 June 1962 he was granted a Covert Security Approval to permit his witting use under Project CAWAGTAIL. On 22 October 1965 a POSA was issued for the same use in WI/Cuba as that outlined for his mother.