A Cuban national was recruited and trained in the U.S. and returned legally to Cuba in 1961 to serve as 24resident agent in Havana. He has built a net of over twenty 24-sub-agents and has sent back 140 S/W messages, from which upwards of 50 intelligence disseminations have been made. He is highly motivated for his work and under effective control by JMWAVE.

AMFAUNAS 2 through 23, see Attachment E, forwarded, under separate cover. AMFAUNA-1's sister-in-law, she formerlyserved as his contact to members of his net, and now serves as his cutout to at least five agents. AMCOG-2 is a Communist nurse who has allegedly come to the U.S. with the mission of infiltrating a counter-revolutionary group.

Two Cubana Airlines 08pilots who are known to be still reporting: (1) AMFAUNA-18: He was recruited in March 1962. He has provided AMFA UNA-1 with passenger lists and the location of artillery emplacements which he has spotted from his aircraft. It is only surmised that AMBOA-1, is his cutout to purposefullyhim. (2)AMFAU NA-19: He has also been recruited independently by JMWAVE. She is the sister-in-law of a former Cubanaval officer.

A Cuban intelligence officer, known only as AMFAUNA-1, was a member of the Autentico Party in 1958. He was an agent for the German Intelligence Service during World War II. He had a wife and three children, all still in Cuba as of 1961.

Identity-40 was fired from her job and held for interrogation by the G-2. During the same period AMFAUNA-I added the following new -agents: A GRANGE RO a. b.

AMFAUNA-1 was engaged in some form of clandestine work against the CASTRO regime as early as (December 196009) As with so much else in this operation, details are lacking, but it is known that he already had an understanding with Identity-29 whom he had known for twenty years. He had two sub-agents in the Ministry of Public Works Identities 42 and 43. The latter was 24 given a lead in March 1962 from one of her diplomatic con-tacts.