The following employees of BROWN and ROOT, Inc. were approved for contact use on the dates indicated: HETTE, Rosa - $405552-A 13 March 1950 TONNE, Isaac Newton, Vice-President 11 December 1952 and #453108-A 1 February 1953. WAGNER, Richard Andrew, Civil 3 August 1965 #453109-A 3 July 1965 PSCA was issued for contact and assessment but not used - had a poor credit reputation. REMKES, Elmer Ray - 464127 6 August 1965 MACKIN, John Gilman, Jr. 19 July 1966-

The VERNON Fund (HEMUDWEED) was created by the Agency in June 1958 as an ostensibly private philanthropic foundation legally incorporated under the laws of and with an office in the District of Columbia. The objectives of this project is the development of organizational and individual assets capable of strengthening the unity of non-Communist teachers and their organizations throughout the world.

William G. CARR was granted a Covert Security Clearance on 22 April 1955 for unwitting use under Project DIPLOMAT. Bryce REA, Jr., attorney for the Vernon Fund, was granted Covert security Clearance for his use on a cleared attorneys' panel, on Wd00:00 66. 60 15 November 1956. Raymond Joseph SMYKE, Raymond Joseph - #160091.

Raymond Joseph SMYKE was granted a Covert Security Approval on 10 July 1957 for use as a witting employee of Project HITILAGER and on 19 May 1962 for his use by Project JELACKEYOD. It was not possible to identify a subject file on John THOMPSON employed by the World Confederation of Organizations of the Teaching Profession. American Friends of the Middle East (Project ERTADER) was created in May 1951 with the purpose of employing aggressive propaganda.

A study program to determine the effects in diverse Biological Systems resulting from exposure to high intensity coherent radiation was contracted with the M.D. ANDERSON Hospital and Tumor Institute, University of Texas, Houston, Texas in October 1963. As of 16 April 1964 there was a hold order against going ahead with the contract.

Governor Allen SHIVERS of Texas was on the Advisory Board of FACTS FORUM NEWS in September 1955. He was listed as a trustee of the American Good Government Society in April 1965. No clearance was requested or issued for SHIVERS. His file contains reference cards only.

William A. SMITH was granted an Operational Clearance on 22 August 1952 for use as an agent in Latin America under commercial cover. Leon JAWORSKI was granted a Covert Security Approval on 31 March 1958 in order that he could be made witting of Agency interest in the M. D. ANDERSON Foundation. His file contains a newspaper clipping from 3 December 1963 which concerns his appointment as special counsel for a Texas State Court of Inquiry into the assassination of President KENNEDY.

Douglas B. MARSHALL was granted a Covert Security Approval on 28 November 1958 in order that he could be made witting of Agency interest in the CULLEN Foundation. William Pettus HOBBY, Jr., born 19 January 1932 at Houston, Texas, was security approved for contact use on 23 May 1960.

On 22 October 1965 a POSA was issued to HOBBY for the same use in WI/Cuba activities as that outlined for his mother. This Provisional clearance was firmed into a Covert Security Approval on 4 February 1966.