The 201 system provides a method for identifying a person of specific in-                terest to the Operations Directorate and for controlling and filing all pertinent information about that person. The principal features of the 201 system are: a. The 201 Number: a unique number, i.e., 201-1234567, assigned to eachindividual in the system to serve as identifying file number for reporting on thatindividual. b. The201 Dossier: the official file containing the 201 opening form (FormForm831) and all biographic reporting on and references to the individual. c. The Master 201 Record: a machine record generated by the

The opening of a 201 dossier is the prerogative of an operational com-centric. A 201 personality may be assigned two OI codes. 201 dossiers may be opened on persons who meet the carding criteria.

Dossier includes but is not limited to: a. 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) b. Biographic information including photographs, fingerprints, and handwriting samples. c. Personal Record Questionnaire Parts I and II. d. Operational and other security approvals. e. Name check replies, requests, clearances, and approvals. f. Acknowledgement of pseudonym. g. 201 personality assessments and evaluations. h. Copy of contract and termination papers. i. Secrecy agreement. j. Agent Duty Status Report. k. Newspaper clippings.

Field and duplicate (shadow) (201 files no longer of active interest) should be incorporated into the official 201. (5) A 201 opened in pseudonym should be consolidated into the true name. (6) Any document with a predecessor organization cover sheet or an Office of Policy Coordination cover sheet must be returned to IP/ARD.

A 201 dossier may be kept on permanent charge at the desk during any period of active interest. If the dossier is transferred to another desk, the desk must notify Central Files of the transfer. The new action desk officer must then fill out a 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 813)

Requests for more than five names or numbers must be listed and sent by tube or courier to IP/AIS. The only listing which will include the 201 number is the IP/201 record for the Vital Records program.