Fill in the information below to apply for a position with the CIA. The application form includes the applicant's full name, age, height, weight, hair color and phone number. The applicant must also provide their current address.

Use the following information to apply for a job in Washington, D.C. or Miami, Florida. If legal change is required, give PARTICULARS (Where and by What Authority) N.A. section: Position data.

SECTION IV EDUCATION 1.  CHECK (X) HIGHEST LEVEL OF EDUCation ATTAINED LESS THAN HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE OVER TWO YEARS OF COLLEGE. 2.  ADDRESS (City, State, Country) COLEGIO DE LA SALLE HAVANA CUBA 3.  DATES ATTENDED (From-and-To) 4.  GRADuATE GRadUATE STUDY LEADING TO HIGHER DEGREE TWO YEARs COLLEAGE or LESS MASTER'S DEGree DOCTOR'S

High School: ALCEE FORTIER HIGH SCHOOL NEW ORLEANS, LA. MAJOR MINOR: TULANE UNIVERSITY OF LOUISIANA Psychology Chemistry 1945 1948 B.S. Juve 1948 Sem has.

LANGUAGE COMPETENCE IN ORDER LISTED HOW ACQUIRED R-Read, W-Write, S-Speak. MILITARY TRAINING (FULL TIME DUTY in SPECIALIZED SCHOOLS SU such as ORDNANCE, INTELLIGENCE, COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.)NAME AND ADDRESS of SCHOOL STUDY OR SPECIALIZATION FROM TO MONTHS N.A.

To work as ASSISTANT DISTRICT MANAGER FOR Century Electric Co., IN HAVANA, Cuba. To work as an agent for C.I.A. in Cuba.

List all HOBBIES AND SPORTS IN WHICH YOU ARE ACTIVE OR HAVE ACTIVELY PARTICIPATED. List other BUSINESS MACHINES WITH WHICH you have OPERATED EXPERIENCE OR TRAINING (Comptometer, Mimeograph, Card Punch, Etc.) List other EQUIPMENT AND MACHINE SKILLS YOU POSSESS RELATING TO OTHER EQUIPMENTS. List any special skills you possess RELATING to other equipment and MACHines (such as radio speed, sending and receiving), OFFSET PRESS, TURRET LATHE, SCIENT

Are you now or have you ever been a LICENSED or CERTIFIED MEMBER of ANY TRADE OR PROFESSION, SUCH AS PILOT,ELECTRICIAN, RADIO OPERATOR, TEACHER, LAWYER, CPA, MEDICAL TECHNICIAN, ETC.?YES No. If you have answered "yes" to any of the questions, please provide a copy of your license.

List all civilian employment by a foreign Govemment, regardless of dates. Indicate chronological history of employment for past 15 years. Account for all periods including casual employment and all periods of unemployment.

Teacher of BEGINNER AND INTERMEDIATED SPANISH. To ASSIST WITH REGISTRATION AND DEPARTAMENTAL FUNCTIONS.

Medical Research Technitian is in charge of SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC ANALYSIS IN THE CARDIOVASCULAR RESEARCH LABORATORY. In this section, you will be asked to describe your duties and reasons for leaving the medical research service.

Have you ever been DISCHARGED or ASKED to RESIGN FROM ANY POSITION? Have you left a position under circumstances you would like to explain? If yes, give the reason. Have you ever served in the U.S. Army? Have You ever served as a member of a foreign military service? HaveYou ever served with the U.,S. Air Force? Haveyou ever served on a military base in the United States or abroad?

1. Are you now a member of the National and Air National Guard? 2. Do you now serve in the Reserve? 3. Do YOU have a current military rank or grade? 4. Do You have a MILITARY RESERVE, NATIONAL GUARD and ROTC STATUS?

Are you ENTIRELY DEPENDENT on your salary? YESNO 2. Have you ever been in, or PETITIONED for, BANKRUPTCY? YES No. If you have been in a bank, give your bank's name, address, and date of birth.

GIVE THREE CREDIT REFERENCES in the United States Name ADDRESS (No., Street, City, State) Whitney NAT. BANK of New Orleans New Orleans, LA. DH.HOLMES Ltd. New Galeans, Louisiana. U.S.A. MAISON Blanche (Department Store) New Orleans,. LA.

JUNE 10, 1948 New Orleans, LA., U.S.A. CITIZENSHIP JAN. 2, 1923 BOGALUSA, LA. CURRENT ADDRESS (Give last address, if deceased) 19361 S.W. 178 st. PERRINE 57, FLA. DATE OF BIRTH 13. PL place of birth (City, State, Country)

14. If BORN OUTSIDE U.S. DATE OF ENTRY 15. PL place of ENTRY 16. FORMER CITIZENSHIP(S) [Country (ies) 17. DATES OF MILITARY SERVICE (From and to By Mo. and Yr.) 20. Present EMPLOYER (Also give former employer, or if spouse deceased or unemployed give last two employers) 21. Business ADDRESS (No., Street, City, State, Country) 22. BRANCH OF SERVICE 24. COUNTRY WITH WHICH MILITary SERVICE AFFILIATED 25.

PAUL MARSHALL RODRIGUEZ SON NOV. 1, 1957, HAVANA Cuba 4. 9361 SW. 178 ST.PERRINE 57, FLA. 2. NUMBER of CHILDREN Incbuding stepchildren and adopted and adopted children) WHO AREUNMARRI, UNDER 21 YRS OF AGE, and NOT SELF-SUPPORTING. 3. CURRENT ADDRESS Give inst address, if deceased (No., Street, City, State, Country) The ORICANIAN Apt. wote! ST. CHARLES Ave., New Orleans,

Full name (Last-First-Middle) State other names she has used. Last employer (Give last employer, if Father is deceased or unemployed) Retired SELF EMPLOYED Century Elect. Co.. 13. EMplOYER'S BUSINESS DRESS or FATHER'S Business ADDRESS If SELF-EMPLOYed 1806 PINE ST. ST. LOUIS, MO. 14. DATE U.S. CITIZENSHIP 14. WHERE ACQUIRED (City, State, Country)N.A. 12. OCCUPATION 16. DATES OF