The New China News Agency (NCNA) opened an office in Havana in the El Medico Building in May 1959. The Havana Station obtained the con-                currence of Ambassador Bonsal and Miss Carolyn O. Stacey to mount an audio operation against NCNA through the wall of the adjacent apartment in which Miss Stacey lived.

The Station was faced with the probability that time and security would work against holding indefinitely the apartment over NCNA since the owners of the building werecancelling sub-lessors' contracts and recalling leases. It was, therefore, decided to install transmitters and switches in order to continue monitoring of the target from a distant listening post.

The agent remains in the custody of the Cuban authorities. His wife has been released and is still in Havana. The three TSD technicians remain in confinement. The key to Mrs Lennox's apartment was found on one of the technicians who identified the apartment to which it belonged.

The three technicians travelled to Cuba as tourists undervery light commercial cover, two of them working for a company in New York and the third, one in Baltimore. The men were provided with this cover as well as unbackstopped home addresses for use when entering or leaving Cuba.

The wives of the other two technicians have been told what has happened. The wives are telling their neighbors that their husbands are on a trip. This story will be adjusted depending on what course of action. the Cuban Government takes.

Cuban authorities in September 1950 are planning to release three TED staff members. They are being released without advance notice or at a variety of places, is. Havecs, Mexico City, Switzerland, az, etc. The controlling factor in all pues of the release predare is that these employees were in Cube 1.

The following personnel are knowledgeable and charged with the responsibility of activating this plan: 1. Major Richart. I. Skinner, AC/ASD/DD/P. 2. Major Billy B. Campbell, Commmender, Dat. 1, 1045th Operational Evaluation and Training Crom. 3. Major Kenneth R. Burton, Cas Officer, Det. 1. 4. Mr. Robert Morrero, Air Support Division.

I will prepare mission folders for flights from most                probeble ports of entry to Isolation and Andrews Air Force Base. Assurring the subjects will be released in Havena er Mexico.