Two leaders of the Cuban Exile Group were coming to Washington, D. C., to confer with CIA and other Government officials. The audio coverage was requested for this entire time. The house would be retained for several more months.

A tape recorder could be hidden in the attic, base, or garage. A voice-operatedrelay could be used to actuate the recorder. With the use of directories, search the environs of the safehouse.

Using the directories in SRS, I ran the names of all the residents of the houses within a quarter-mile of the_covert site. I found one Fred C. Thomas, Jr.) (#57 328), to be a Staff employee. I asked him if it would be too much of a imposition on him for us to set up a listening post in his house.

SAS asked for any secret information they could get from TSD. TSD gave them a list of items they could buy. The list included two voice-operated relays, two transmitters and two batteries.

The use of the Form #88 implies that a division is allocating funds for the purchase of equipment. The form was completed and returned to me within an hour, whereupon I gave it to DFO Agent Stan Lach, who drove with it immediately to the Franconia Depot. Neither Cryer nor Lach had ever had any                experience with any of the pieces of equipment on the list.

SAS had reneged on paying the $2,802.95 for the equipment. The rumor that only the captioned Subject and a Spanish speaking Staff employee would be living in the safehouse was a problem.

The first test of the SRT-6H from the safehouse to the listening post was a failure. The DFO agents chose not to use them and relied solely on telephonic communications. The equipment was installed and tested the next day and appeared to work satisfactorily.

SRT-7 transmitter was installed in basement of Ramon R. Thomas's safehouse in July 1963. DFO agents fitted the transmitter with a hiddenswitch which would enable the case officers to turn the transmitter. off when they are present at the house holding the sensitive dis-                cussions.