Debriefing of AMFAUNA-14 in the JMWAVE area from 22 November to 2 December 1963. Two men arrived at the office, one about 45 years old and short, who from his appearance might have been a bus driver, and the other a very young dark-skinned man. They said they were taking her to "G-2" headquarters in La Vibora.

Francisco ABAD: AMFAUNA-14 believes that this is his real name. He was born about 1918 and is about 5'4" tall, weighs about 160 pounds, and has a fat build, aquiline nose, greenish eyes, dark skin, grey-brown wavy hair, rough laborer's hands, and two teeth missing from the lower jaw. He smokes both cigars and cigarettes, his manner was soft and kindly, and he is probably poorly educated.

AMPAUNA-1 has been given the names of several former residents of this neighborhood in hopes of finding a relative of the CARCANO or ARAUJO families whose physical description matches that of "Carlos" Col. VENTURA remembers a case similar to that of 'Carlos' but does not remember the boy's name. One Maria CARCANo Arujo travelled to Chile in March and April 1963 on a diplomatic passport.

AMFAUNA-14 was interrogated by ABAD in November 1963. ABAD wanted to know whether NEGRET had been working with "Julio" AMFAU NA-14 denied this, but volunteered that she had been the cutout between the two. She told ABAD she had brought mail and money which she had gotten from 'Julio'

"El Negro" was a person of low morals who be shown to Angel BRINGAS when and if he is caught. "El Guajiro Bermudez" appears to be identical with Gerardo Jose #QUESADA Vasquez, President and founder of Accion Revolucionaria Democratica and ACSX Source No. 109.

ABAD wanted to know how and when AMFAUNA-14 had first met AMPAU NA-1. She said that she had met him in about February 1962, and that they had seen each other on the street frequently. ABAD asked what part she had played in the clandestine activities of AMFA UNA-1 and she said she knew nothing about them.

ABAD asked AMPAUNA-14 what her connection was with the AMCOG family. She replied that her grandmother was the cousin of AMCOG-3's mother. ABAD said that the whole family had been under observation for a long time.

"Carlos" and ABAD now invited AMFAUNA-14 to work with them. She replied that she might be willing to do so, but first wanted to know what work would be expected of her. They told her that this would not be asked of her, because that sort of work is done by the Defense Committees. She said that would be all right, but she was afraid that it would not last long because KUBARK would probably put her on ice as soon as they learned that she had been arrested.