The 201 system is a method for. identifying a person of specific in-                cy to the Operations Directorate and for controlling and. filing all pertinent information about that person. The system also provides a means for identifying.subjects of 201 files from various categories of information about them. Only a rela-tively small number of personalities indexed are of sufficient interest to justify opening a 201 dossier.

SUBJECT RECENTE. Attended the SEVENTEENTH. ANNUAL. CONFERENCE of the INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION of CHEMISTS. and PHARMACISTS HELD in MUNICH GERMANY PROM 22 THROUGH. 29.

OI Code: a two letter symbol used in                sonality records in the 201 system to record the behaviors of individuals. OI codes cover intelli-operation Punction with the 201 per-reprehensiveassociational affiliation. A 201 personality may be assigned two OIcodes.

The opening of a 201 dossier is the prerogative of an operational com-                Servicees Group. Dossiers should be opened to the following categories: provisional operationalapproval and operational ap-                proval requests.

A field station may request the opening of a 201 file by writing 201- in the Head-                quarters file or cross-referees box box on the dispatch form. A telepouch request for a 201 opening is made by indicating 201- after the term "File" on the last line of the transmission.

A 201 dossier contains papers which have been made a part of the Central Records System as well as those which have not. Record documents may range from newspaper or magazine articlės on the subject to finance and other administrative papers.

All material in a 201 dossier will be filed in document date order. A 201 opened in pseudonym should be consolidated into a true name. Top Secret documents are at docum not to be purposefullyforwarded.

Field and duplicate (shadow) 201 files no longer of active interest should be incorporated into the official 201. Any document with a predecessor organization cover sheet or an Office of Policy Coordination cover sheet must be to IP/ARD for processing into the 201.

Dossier: 201- Restricted Dossier Charge Dossiers:. Non-Restricted D dossier Charge Dossier:. Il documents prior to the date of the document:. Documents prior to November 1974:. All documents forwarded to the desk at the desk:. The dossier may be kept on permanent charge during any period of active interest:. If the dossier is transferred to another desk, the desk must notify Central Files of the transfer.

Accordingly, IP's records now reflect you as the custodian. Please contact IP/Files, IP/Ext. 4362, if you have any questions regarding this transfer.

A restricted dossier is limited to the personnel of the restricting desk or persons authorized by that desk. The Automated Index Section (IP/AIS) will provide the identity of the subject of a 201 number unless the 20f file is bestdicted. Requesters should supply identifying information whenever available for each name.

A 201 file may be authorized for cancellation by a Records Officer. Requests for more than five names or numbers must be listed and sent to IP/AIS. The only listing which will include the 201 number is the IP/201 record for the Vital Records program.

Alphabetical bare leading to a 201 number. (2) Alphabetical by given N. (3) Numerical Cing to a cryptonym.