The AMTRUNK operation has the following disadvantages or weaknesses: A. The agents will cooperate with KUBARK only when it is to their advantage. It is believed that AMICE/27 would have no hesitation "selling out" the operation to any one of the major refugee political groups.

This operation has a very high "flap potential" if any AMTRUNK agents are picked up by the opposition in Cuba. At least six people were told about the operation in varying degrees prior to the time the team was safehoused. The security of this operation has certain questionable aspects. The Phase I landing point appears highly risky.

Three of the four have been outstanding in training. They appear to have a number of fairly well placed contacts on the inside. The objective of the operation is worthwhile.

The AMTRUNK Team was safehoused on 4 March 1963 at Safesite #164 on Plantation Key. Andrew S. PARMERS, KUROAR instructor from headquarters, was already at the training site when the team was brought there by the two case officers, Irving N. PEGGINS and Hobart J. VANDEBORN.

The project AMTRUNK objective is to overthrow the existing Cuban government by means of a conspiracy among high level military and civilian leaders of the government. A secondary and subordinate mission is to determine the climate prevailing among the populace in Havana for organizing resistance elements capable of either passive or active sabotage.

AMTRUNK/2 is a (21) year old Cuban who is mature for his years. He attended Catholic Social Universit in Havana for two years, majoring in Social Studies. He supported the revolution against Batista till it became apparent that Castro had cast his lot for a Communist regime.

Tentative date for the infiltration of A/2 and 3 at Punta La Jijira is 18 May 1963. The infiltrees will make their way to A/3's father's farm one kilometer from the coast. From there A/ 2 will be provided with transportation to go to Guanabo or Havana. The exfiltration of A-3 will occur three days after his infiltration.

A/2 and 3 will work their way to aufarm owned jointly by A/3's father and Santos SUAREZ located 1 kilometer from the point of infiltration. They will make contact with the manager of the farm named (Pedro CRUZ.)CRUZ is (35 35 to 40 40 years years of age, is married and has an elementary school education.

Two operational assets will be contacted by A/2 after he is safehoused in Havana. Their function will be to spot Army officers disaffected with the Castro Regime.

Jorge VALS was a friend of Castro's during the revolution and A/2 claims he still maintains some contact with Fidel. VALS has been working in a limited fashion against Fidel. Jose DUARTE Oropesa served in the U.S. Army during World War II.

Two men will be outfitted with disguises. Primary communications will be established through an SW system. Area of infiltration is within five miles of a cruise missile site and its accompanying radar.

When A/2 and 3 step ashore in Cuba, control will vanish. A/3 lacks the maturity and patience necessary to stay put. He may take advantage of his visit to Havana to undertake a clandestine assignment. For this reason an attempt will be made to steer him towards developing assets around his father's farm.

Both A/2 and A/3 cannot be considered truly security conscious. Both men are presently outside of the Cuban Army organization. This position may dampen their effectiveness in recruiting within the Army. There is no evidence to verify that (DUARTE is pro-regime.

A/2 has the intelligence, competence, and confidence to approach and recruit two assets with the potential for developing anti-regime operations at a high level within the Cuban Army. A/27, senior member of the AMTRUNK group, is a 41 year old PBRUMEN citizen from a wealthy high class family.

AMICE/14 is a 26 year old Cuban citizen who is also a law graduate of the University of Havana. He has been involved much of his adult life in clandestine activities. Subject arrived by small boat in June 1961 in PBPRIME. He is highly motivated, is intelligent and objective.

It is tentatively planned to infiltrate the Cinco Leguas Keys area on or about 23 April. Subjects will take a small boat with silent motor into the Keys area and remain in the area for approximately three days. They will make arrangements with contacts at that point to re-activate contacts of AMICE/14 on the mainland.

A/14 has a friend in Matanzas named Carlos Pedraza who also assisted A/14 in underground activities in 1961. Pedro Barbi, owner of the Bate Marino restaurant, would be used to take A-14 and A/27 to Havana. Adolfina (Suarez) More is single and lives with her mother.

Target personalities suspected of being dis-affected and on whom A/27 and A/14 will attempt to gather information in Havana are as follows: d. Gonzalo (Lopez) de la Torre, Subject can be called on for ops support or safehousing. (Bebo (Orozco) To be recruited by "A/14 as his principal agent in Havana"

A/27 and A/14 will live black during their entire stay in Cuba. They will be equipped with alias documentation and with disguises. Both of them have previously lived in the Havana area and know the city well.