CIA had no connection with the alleged burglery of the Houma Munitions Dunker. Pierre SCHLUMBERGER, prezident of a foreign intelligence source, was of contact interest in 1950. The FBI advised they had no objection to the Agency's interrogating Pierre Schlumberger who was an alien.

18. SCHLU PERCER corporations in Latin America which are domi-                nated by French nation: 18. SCHLUBERGER has a patented operation for an                oil vell shooting" service which is subscribei to by various oil companies. 18. The SCHLUMBERGER WELL SURVEYING CORPORATION in Fouston was controlled by.Henri Ceorges DOLL, & French national. Be was of contact interest in 1956 and 1957. Eis wife is the daughter of Conrad SCHL UMBERGER.

Maurice Henri MARTIN, employed as an engineer by the SCHLUMBERGER Company, Paris, France, received a letter dated 27 July 1951 at Moscow from one Biegfried Stefanovitch MOROSOFF, requesting specialized information concerning geophysics. The FBI conducted an investi-                gation dated June 1953 and determined that Maurice Henri MartIN resided at Nod Hill, Wilton, Connecticut. Dillon ANDERSON, an attorney from Houston, Texas, wasappointed by President EISENHOWER as an advisor to the National Security Council from 1953 until 1956.

Charles C. PARLIN, Director of SCHLUMBERGER, LTD., and a member.of the law firm of SHEARMEN, STERLING and WRIGHT, Englewood, New.Jersey, U.S. citizen, was of contact interest in 1962. He was allegedly the boy friend of Johanna BEKER who was in contact with known Soviet Agents.

Jean C. LEGRAND, Vice-President of the SCHLUBERGER WELLSURVEYING CORPORATION, Pigefield, Connecticut (U.S. citizen,                naturalised Fouston, Texas 1941) was approved for contact use in Kay                1957. There is a notation that one Hrs. J. C. JESSAND, 5319 Fanell Street, Houston, Texas, in Noventer 1944 was a resident of the Houston Chapter, France Forever, The Fighting French Committee in America.

Daniel SCHIANBERGER was head of the French Archeologicel Deletion in Afghanistan (1948-1954) An associate of Daniel SCHLUBERGER was REoul CURIEL of a wealthy Jewish banking family in Cairo, Egypt. Daniel SCHAU BERGER, & rester of the EU PERCER WELL SURVEYING Corporation, lived with Iso Cilbert PONTECORVO, a known Comunist.

The Study in KAGAR's file contains the following additional information concerning SCHLUMBERGER and Company: Haurice and Remi SCHLUMEERGER are affiliated with LazardFreres and the Worms Bank. Closely associated with the SCHLumberger's is Charles DOH, who arrived in the United States in 1937.

Arthur Henry FPENTROP was an employee of the SCHLUMBERGER WELLSURVEYING CORPORATION, Ridgefield, Connecticut, in June 1956. Information concerning his spouse's criticalattitule towerde American customs and institutions was furnished.