Memo: Beheiren and the Four U.S. Navy Deserters ACTION REQUIRED. Memo was sent to the Chief of Station, Tokyo.

BEHEIREN is not a "mass organization", because it has had no sizeable popular backing to the present time. Its hard core, secretariat organization is run by YOSHIKAWA and his lieutenants. Its public image, intellectual front is led by ODA, and given body by a score of like-minded intellectual friends.

The four sailors made contact with BEHEIREN leaders before returning to their ship of their own volition or being apprehended by the Shore Patrol. When the four made contact, it suddenly became an entirely different ballgame. BEHE IREN had everything needed to capitalize on this: veteran activist leaders who are experienced enough to recognize the windfall that had come their way.

The four deserters turned up in moscow on 20 November. The press has speculated widely and unanimously that the four left Japan on the Soviet passenger ship Baikal on 11 November. There is no dissenting opinion, overt nor covert. The only mystery concerning this final phase of the Japanese portion of this case is the mechanics of how the four boarded theBaikal.

BereirEN helped to arrange the defection to the USSR of four sailors from the U.S. Navy carrier Intrepid. BEREIREN leaders are organizing a permanent "underground railway" of Japanese intell-ectuals.

Four American seamen who deserted from the U.S. aircraft carrier Intrepid are believed to have left Japan irregularly by the Soviet-liner Baikal. Japan Peace-For-Vietnam Committee secretary-general says the four deserters hoped to stay in Japan but the Beheiren could not help them to do so.

Professor YOUNG met the four seamen in an apartment house in Tokyo. He says they deserted out of doubt about the Vietnam war. The four went to Shinjuku, two days before the Intrepid was due to sail, and said "we are fed up with war"

A certain television station asked the mother of one of the four men about her son's life. This mother was completely perplexed, saying: "My son is a most average American youth"