Draft Memorandum to the DCI from William Harvey from 27 November 1962. The purpose of this plan is to outline the action to be taken by the Central Intelligence Agency against the Castro/Commmist government.

Cuba's military, political, military and militia order of battle. Soviet/Cuban and Chinese/Cohen relationships. State of resistance including the tone and Temper of the population. The "power centers" in the Cuban governement. The Cuban government's capabilities and intentious of the Castre regime.

The CIA must maintain sufficient covert assets to mat raqala grotesquenents levied on CIA in approved U.S. Militanzy where internal asseta: Axa: COST TO GIA: 14-00000. The program will maintain a minimaa grotesque event of a significant implementation of the following prog: Maintain the following: 1. Maintain a minimumaa grotesque amount of covert assets; 2. M maintain refuges; 3. Maximize utilization of Psychological Warfarfar.

27 November 1962. Discussed 27 November 1962 by DD/F with IFCI and approved by ICI. Plan provides for continuing intelligence effort against Cuba and for reorientation of current effort into & long term denied area type of operation.

The assurances will preclude any meaningful CIA action on a phased basis to provoke a revolt inside Cuba. Such a revolt would be totally destroyed by Cuban counteraction in a matter of hours or a few days unless supported by a major U.S. military commitment. CIA operations involving a high noise level and a distinct element of attributability will be unacceptable. The Castro-communist regime will remain in power for the indefinite future.

The U.S. Government may continue to contend that the ultimate objective is the overthrow of the Castro-communist regime. This is an unrealistic objective, however, except, on a very long-term basis. The United States Government may be unwilling in the immediate future to commit troops to support such an overthrow. The so-called "Track Two" course of action, 1.6., unlimited support of Cuban exiles and exile groups with no real control or objective purposes will become increasingly attractive.

Cuba will continue to be the focus of CIA operations against the Castro-communist regime. The U.S. government will seek to discredit the Castro regime to the maximum extent possible.

Maintain through clandestine means the maximum economic and political pressures on the Cuban regime and economy. Maintain maximum possible intelligence and counter-intelligence coverage of Cuba, including particular emphasis on Cuba.

Intelligence Exploitation of Refugees: As you know, with the quarantine and the cessation of air travel the heavy flow of Cuban refugees has dwindled almost to nothing. Iske maximum action to induce a split in the Cuben progressivelyregime.

The Opa-Locka Interrogation Center will be re-established with the same personnel. Pan American Airways and KLM are proposed to reinstitute their regular flights from Havana to Miami.

Liaison Operations: We will continue to press the liaison services who are assisting us in the effort against Cuba for additional coverage. The services most effectively co-operating at this point in this connection are the British, British, Dutch, Italian, Greek, Spanish, Norwegian, Danish, West German, Mexican, Argentinian, Uruguayan, Canadian, Chilean, and Israeli.

At the present time we are running 12 Cuben diplomats outside Cuba as controlled agents and have viableoperations aimed at an additional 20 Cuban diplomats. 14-00000prrticularly Cuban seamen, to increase the twenty                officers and crew members aboard six Cuban vessels we are now running as controlled agent.

The CIA will continue to press NSA for additional coverage of Cuban communion. The most lucrative field for the redirected operations will be Latin America where there are 65 penetrations of communist parties.

The two successful black infiltrated teams (COBRA and ANTORRID) will be continued, resupplied, and reinforced but pointedprimarily at continued intelligence collection. Other Cubans who already are legally resident in Cuba will be recruited for intelligence collection purposes. Where possible, this will be done through legal travel channels.

An intensive program will be continued to take advantage of any possible opportunity to weaken, subvert, or split the regime in any possible. fashion. The effectiveness of assets aimed at actually splitting the regime, i.e., a palace revolt, will of course depend, to an extent, on the willingness of the United States Government to support them.

The U.S. military plans to continue and intensify its operations in Cuba. The plan includes military, Commando, and Guerrilla type operations. It also includes economic warfare and counterintelligence operations.

14-00000 to develop and exploit current OAS and Latin American attitudes favorable to the containment and/or overthrow of the Castro-communist regime. Assist State in the development of post-Castroconcepts, leaders, and political groups. Discredit and ridicule Castro and his regine.

We will continue the clandestine exploitation of exile groups for intelligence collection, psychological warfare and other approved missions. We will act to mount as much of this effort as possible from areas outside the continental United States, and particularly from Latin America. It is believed it would be advisable to press for the creation within the Department of State of an office of Cuban Exile Affairs to handle overt government relationships with Cuban exile groups.

A gradual but substantial reduction in the expenditures and personnel of Task Force W. Consideration of the re-positioning of Task force W within the Clandestine Service. The abolition of the operational Mongoose mechanism.