Transmittal of Contact Resorts for First Two Meetings with AMCLOCK. Transmitted herewith are one copy for each addressee of the contact reports prepared by Peter J. GERVENO. Contact reports of later meetings will follow by another dispatch.

AMCLOCK/l arrived in New York on 19 September 1967. He was given instructions to call a JMWAVE operational number next time he was out in a friendly country in order to receive contact instructions. When he failed to call soon after his arrival it was decided to try to establish visual contact with him at HTBASTE, HOTEL.

AMCLOCK/1 said he could not make contact as instructed because he had destroyed the phone number and both accommodationaddresses we had given him for him to report from inside PBRUMEN. He was given the operational numbers of the Beekmansite and of the Base in New York (Iden I) and told he could always call there.

DI GERVENO established immediate rapport with AMCLOCK/1 and their relations remained most cordial throughout the meeting. All payments to AMCLock/1 will be T/A'd to JMWAVE with the agent's signed receipts.

AMCLOCK/1 was given four months vacation in late December 1966. He used most of this time for a honeymoon and to relocate in his new home furnished by the PBRUMEN government. In the spring of 1967 (Iden C considered him actively as a substitute forCommune den Dowhom Iden does not like. The job did not materialize because Iden C's plans to send an Ambassador to Canada were not not implemented.

The agent agreed to contact DI GERVENO, as often as possible. The next meeting is tentatively scheduled for 29 September. The agent's free time will be more restricted from now on.