Special Activities Report on JMWAVE's Relationship with ANCARBON-1. Report covers the period December 1962 to March 1964. Report: Relationship with AMCARDON-2 evolved from action taken in September 1962.

JMWAVE's relationship with AMCAREON-1 lasted from December 1962 to March 1964. AMCARLON-2 reviewed the ground rules under which he had been cooperating with REUTEMAN. QDELF's opinion is that given an appropriate lapse, AMCARCON-1 will become one of the leading Latin American specialists in U.S. journalistic circles.

AMCARBON-1's sources include Luis FERNANDEZ Rocha (201-316766), secretary 'general' of the DRE. Edmund *LEAHY of the Washington News Bureau. Luis *MUNOZ Marin, governor of Puerto Rico. Juan *BOSCH Gavino, former president of the Dominican Republic. Charles *KEELY of the Copley Wire Service.

 Headquarters suggested that JMWAVE might be able to discredit Carios BANDIN Cruz (201-309611) of the MRR splinter group as a result of his overinflated claims relative to his faction invading Cuba. Headquarters' interest indiscrediting BANDin was also stimulated by the fact that B Bandin's publicity stunts were causing problems for AMBIDDY-1. Once B BandIN was discredited, the word was soon leaked by AMCARBON-1 to other newspapers.

In WAVE 4701, dated 20 September 1963, AMCARBON-1 gave JMWAVE his resume of the discussions which he had withAMBIDDY-1 at the Miami Playboy Club on 19 September 1963. In WAVE 5661, dated 10 October 1963, Ambarbon-1 reported on a discussion that he had had with the public relations man at the Identity 3. InWAVE 7671, dated 16 November 1963, he reported that he received a letter from Peru which contained an interesting operational lead.

A series of feature stories were written on AMCRAB-1. The story was picked up by UPI, API and others. The March 1964 LAYC meeting in Santiago, Chile, was not receiving appropriate coverage in the South Florida newspapers.

JMWAVE plans to continue to harness AMCARBON-1 in the same manner as he has been used in the past. A special activities report will be forwarded at appropriate intervals. It is requested that a 201 number be assigned AMCARbon-1.