Ace Marine Survey, Inc. is a Florida Corporation established by and under the control of JMWAVE. It was formerly known as Ace Cartography Company, a corporation certified to do business in Florida.

The President of the Corporation is Alfred J. Moran of New Orleans, Louisiana. Mr. Moran is a very prominent businessman in the New Orleans area. Ace Marine Survey, Inc., is engaged primarily in marine research.

JMWAVE use of the Corporation is to provide cover for a maritime vessel, the M/V SONORA. The Corpora- provides status cover and payrolling of the vessel.

This account is funded through the Bank of Miami and Hall covert account. A credit ticket is obtained by our staff from the cash vault. This credit ticket together with the appropriate deposit slips for the various corporations is then turned over to a teller.

The Corporation was providing status cover and payrolling for 10 Cubans as of 31 January 1967. This is a profit-making corporation and has met all requirements as follows.

A successor to Ace Cartography Company, Ace Marine Survey, Inc., is currently used in connection with the leasing of a waterfront berthing site for the M/V SONORA. The firm also provides cover and serves as the vehicle for payrolling the agent crew.

In view of the current limited use of this cover, the likelihood of exposure is considerably reduced. The major likely "injury" that would be sustained would be the denial of further use of the berthing site and the need for re-naming/re-register-ing the M/V SONORA.

The cover story is that JMWAVE is a legitimate oil exploration company. The cover story also claims that the company is a client of JMWaVE. The company was established in Florida in 1964.

This account is funded through the Bank and Hall covert account at The First National Bank of Miami. A check in the total amount of the deposits is drawn on this account. A credit ticket is obtained by our cleared contact from the cash vault.

The President of this corporation is Mr. Richard W. Freeman, who is the retired Chairman of the Board of Delta Airlines. He is also the principal owner of the Coca-Cola Bottling Company in New Orleans.

Ceres Enterprises, Inc. is a corporation for profit. It has met all federal and state tax requirements as follows. The cover was very secure during the period of its operation and remained so until the loss of one of its agents in Cuba.

The corporation is inactive and will be allowed to remain so. It was placed in this status due to a flap wherein an agent was captured in Cuba who had knowledge of this vessel and its ownership.