This instruction describes the functions of headquarters components with regard to covert approvals and related matters which are the subject of CSI-F No. 10-5. The Chief, Counter Intelligence Staff, is delegated authority to act for the Deputy Director (Plans) in the exercise of all functions. It is the basic intent of both components that sensitive operational data shall remain within the custody of the Clandestine Services.

Revelations will include any biographic data; information of an investigative or secu-rity significance; information-relating to character, reputation, politics, past employment, residences, and other activities. This material is forwarded directly to the Office of Security laits original form. In those in-stances where a document of interest contains sensitive operational data, professional personnel within the operating division will re-view that portion of the information.

No investigative data regarding United States cit-izens will be transmitted to the field without the specific prior approval of the Office of Security. Requests for Covert Security Approvals for Liaison with U.S. officials in the United States or abroad must be specifically indicated as a re-quest for such approval.

No attempt to defect or recruit in place (a) a member of the Communist Party or (b) a government official of a denied area country. The operational decision authorizing the doubling of an agent of a foreign power will be coordinated with the Counter Intelligence Staff.

Restrictions on the operational use of individuals or groups are of four types. Restrictions cover twenty-five separate categories. Operational use of an individual who comes under more than one type of restriction will be controlled.

Agency policy: Members and trainees of ACTION will not be em-ployed or used by the Agency or by organizations under its jurisdiction. Former trainees whose ACTION service included duty for training overseas are subject to the rules governing employment or use of former members.

Five years must have elapsed since separation from SACTION. Fulbright Grantees policy prohibits operational use of individuals who are receiving U.S. Government support under certain provisions of the Fulbright-Hays Act.

Employees of U.S. Private Detective Investigative Agencies are not allowed to be used for operational use. The policy does not apply to operational use of employees of organizations which are engaged strictly in commercial investigations.

The Interagency Source Register (ISR) has been established at head-quarters to provide for United States Intelligence Board (USIB) agencies. It is USIB policy that no individualregistered in the ISR by one USIB agency will be used for operational pur-poses by any other U.S. agency without prior approval.