The AMTRUNK operation has the following disadvantages or weak- nesses: 1. The agents will cooperate with KUBARK only when it is to their advantage. It is believed that AMICE/27 would have no hesitation "selling out" the operation to any one of the major re- fugee political groups.

Project AMTRUNK Operational Review and Progress Report for period of 4 through 31 March. Station views on the operation are summarized below. Request Headquarters decision on continuation or termination of Project AM TRUNK.

This operation has a very high "flap potential" if any AMTRUNK agents are picked up by the opposition in Cuba. At least six people were told about the operation in varying degrees prior to the time the team was safehoused. The security of this operation has certain questionable aspects.

Three of the four have been outstanding in training. The objective of the operation is worthwhile. It is the recommendation of JMWAVE Station that this operation be terminated at the earliest possible moment.

The AMTRUNK Team was safehoused on 4 March 1963 at Safesite #164. on Plantation Key. Andrew S. PARMERS, KUROAR instructor from headquarters, was already at the training site when the team was brought there by the two case officers, Irving N. PEGGINS and Hobart J. VANDEBORN.

The project AMTRUNK Mission objective is to overthrow the existing Cuban government by means of a conspiracy among high level military and civilian leaders. A secondary and subordinate mission is to determine the climate prevailing among the populace in Havana for organizing resistance elements. The operation has been split into two initial phases, which will be compartmented from each other.

A/2 attended Catholic Social University in Havana for two years, majoring in Social Studies. He supported the revolution against Batista till it became apparent that Castro had cast his lot for a Communist regime. A/2 does not consider himself an ally of KUBARK.

A/3 feels KUBARK should only function as support for this operation and should not inter- fere in the actual plans of the operation. A/3 may remain at his father's farm and train assets in maritime reception and clandestine communications. Having completed this he would then be exfiltration at Punta La Jijira.

A/2 will be provided with transportation to go to Guanabo or Havana. The exfiltration of A/3 will occur three days after his infiltration. The above dates fall within a favorable moon phase for maritime operations.

The following assets would be contacted by A/2 after arriving in Havana. They will be contacted in the order listed. Their function will be to provide safehouses and vehicles for A/3.

Sergio MENDEZ is a former senator and former head of the Railroad system in Cuba. Isabel MENOCOL is an English teacher who runs a small private (tutoring school in English in Havana. Gloria ВАМСТАLLA attended the University of Havana and Villanova from 1959 to 1960.

Jorge VALS was a friend of Castro's during the revolution and A/2 claims he still maintains some contact with Fidel. VALS has been working in a limited fashion against Fidel and was originally associated with the MRR and Monte Cristo groups. Jose DUARTE Oropesa served in the U.S. Army during World War II.

Lester RODRIGUEZ, age late 30s early 405, married, former member of the Partido Pueblo Cubano. He fought with Raul Castro in the Sierra Cristobal Area. Following the Castro takeover he served as head of one of the military zones within Havana province.

A/3 lacks the maturity and patience necessary to stay put while A/2 goes about his busi- ness. He may take advantage of his visit to Havana to under- take a clandestine assignment on his own.

A/2 and A/3 cannot be considered truly se- curity conscious. A/2 has not seen VALS and DUARTE for over a year. Both men are presently outside of the Cuban Army organization. This position may dampen their effectiveness in recruiting.

A/2 has the intelligence, competence, and confidence to approach and re- cruit two assets with the potential for developing anti-regime operations at a high level within the Cuban Army. A/27 is a 41-year-old PBRUMEN citizen from a wealthy high class family.

AMICE/14 is a 26 year old Cuban citizen who is also a law graduate of the University of Havana. He has been in- volved much of his adult life in clandestine activities. Subject arrived by small boat in June 1961 in PBPRIME.

It is tentatively planned to infiltrate AMICE/27, AMice/14, and AMTRUNK/4 into the Cinco Leguas Keys area on or about 23 April. Subjects will take a small boat with silent motor into the Keys area and remain in the area for approximately three days.