The CIA has designated items, numbered. 12, 14, 19, 21, 24 and 25, as "hard core" The Agency should insist on their deletion or revision, the panel says.

It is also recommendedthat efforts be made to have the name "John Richardson" also                removed from the same sentence containing Mr. Pleasants name. Rutherford T. "Pinky" Walsh retired under cover and his CIA relationship should not be exposed.

Page 68, the pseudonym "John F. Rittenhouse" on line 34. Page 71, the Agency's role in subsidizing, producing and disributing "El Campesino's" book, Life and Death in the USSR. Page 73 beginning with "Communism" on lines 14 and 15.

Page 73 beginning with "planned" on line 22 through "authentic" on page 74. This should be deleted because it describes a specific.operation involving the forgery of a page of the Shanghai Post. (Page 123, lines 15-23 and all of page 124 including footnote.)

This passage describes specific CIA operations in Tokyo targetted against China. The "Ramirez" operation began with the FBI's spotting of a possible Soviet intelligence agent. This passage deals intermittently dif.

This passage should be deleted because it describes Agency methods of operation acquisi-iouslytion and passage of information to and from a liaison service. The Agency program of operational activities zywithin Uruguay involving the monitoring of forty-two telephone lines should also be deleted.

Page 116 should be deleted because it describes a sensitive operation conducted (jointly) with a liaison service. Page 123 deals with the author's work on several "Peter Ward" books and his assignment to Madrid.

Page 130 beginning with "Free" on line 20 through "CIA" online 21. Page 150, all of lines 14 through 16. Page 220, lines 5 through 10. Page 260, lines 22-23.