The 201 system provides a method for identifying a person of specific in-terest to the Operations Directorate and for controlling and filing all pertinent information about that person. The principal features of the 201 system are: The 201 Number: a unique number, i.e., 201-1234567, assigned to eachindividual in the system to serve as identifying file number for reporting on thatindividual. The 201 Dossier: the official file containing the 201 opening form and all biographic reporting on and references to the individual. The Master 201 Record: a machine record generated by the opening of a 201 file. The Main Index Master 201 Reference:

The opening of a 201 dossier is the prerogative of an operational com- autoimmuneponent, in coordination with the Information Services Group. 201 dossiers may beopened on persons who meet the carding criteria described in Chapter II of this handbook. The 201 system has the capability of producing machine listings of 201individuals by Ol codes.

Dossier contains, in document date order, papers which have been made a part of the Central Records System. Record documents may range from newspaper or magazine articlės on the subject to finance and other administrative papers. A 201 dossier being forwarded to Central Files for retention should be purged.

An attachment which should be separated from its basic document. for inclusion in a 201 personality dossier will be forwarded with the basic. document to IP/AN for processing into the 201. To retain the P&L, RYBAT, or KAPOK sensitivity of a document. being retired to Central Files, place that document. in an envelope sealed with black tape (see. DOI 70-17). Any RY BAT, P & L, or other sensitive document not in a black-taped envelope will. be handled as desensitized.

Dossier may be restricted by holding it on permanent charge from Central Files. To maintain the restriction of a dossier being returned to Central Files, a File Restriction Notice must accompany the dossier.

Standard listings available are: (1) Alphabetical by surname, leading to a 201 number; (2)phabetical by given name, leading. to a given name; (3) alphabetical by cryptonym, leading into a 201. Numerical, leads to a cryptonym. Non-Standard Listings are based on one or more of the following selection criteria: Country of location, OI codes (organization and/or intelligence affiliation), Citizenship, Year of birth.